Update README.md (#6)
motain/coding_challenge_android: README.md

## Procedure

> 1. After completing your challenge, clean the project file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. After completing your challenge, clean the project (builds, .gradle, etc)
```

2. Compress project file as a ".zip" file.
3. Send us this zip file.
4. You will receive feedback for this project file which you sent us during the live interview.

> Note: The project zip file size should't be more 15 MB. 

Reviewer: I also would like to add as note
`Meaningful commit history (git) will be a plus`

Reviewer: also: `Feel free to add some comments or provide information in readme.md file about things you would like to improve but didn't have time for this`
